Adds  400 errors and reauth suggestion to Airtable doc (#25255)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/airtable.md

2. In the left navigation bar, click **Sources**. In the top-right corner, click **+new source**.
3. On the Set up the source page, enter the name for the Airtable connector and select **Airtable** from the Source type dropdown.
4. You can use OAuth or a Personal Access Token to authenticate your Airtable account. We recommend using OAuth for Airbyte Cloud.
   - To authenticate using OAuth, select **OAuth2.0** from the Authentication dropdown click **Authenticate your Airtable account** to sign in with Airtable, select required workspaces you want to sync and authorize your account.
   - To authenticate using a Personal Access Token, select **Personal Access Token** from the Authentication dropdown and enter the Access Token for your Airtable account.
:::info

> You may see a `400` or `401` error causing a failed sync. You can re-authenticate your Airtable connector to solve the issue temprorarily. We are working on a permanent fix that you can follow [here](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/24984).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using OAuth, you may see a `400` or `401` error causing a failed sync. You can re-authenticate your Airtable connector to solve the issue temporarily. We are working on a permanent fix that you can follow [here](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/24984).
```

> You may see a `400` or `401` error causing a failed sync. You can re-authenticate your Airtable connector to solve the issue temprorarily. We are working on a permanent fix that you can follow [here](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/24984).

Reviewer: Actually, I don't think this is the issue that should be linked here - this was an improvement to our server side oauth implementation in general but might not be the source of this. I think if we want to link something we should create a public version of the OC issue we have internally.

> You may see a `400` or `401` error causing a failed sync. You can re-authenticate your Airtable connector to solve the issue temprorarily. We are working on a permanent fix that you can follow [here](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/24984).

Author: ```suggestion
When using OAuth, you may see a `400` or `401` error causing a failed sync. You can re-authenticate your Airtable connector to solve the issue temporarily. We are working on a permanent fix that you can follow [here](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues/25278).
```

Reviewer 2: There's some boilerplate code in the issue that we may want to clean up but otherwise LGTM!
